# Restaurant Page

This is a simple restaurant website built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It utilizes Webpack for bundling and development server.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd restaurant-page
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server, run:
```bash
npm start
```

This will automatically open the website in your default web browser.

To build the project for production, run:
```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate the optimized files in the `dist` directory.

## Live Preview

You can view the live preview of this project [here](https://semihmertdev.github.io/restaurant-page/).

## Features

- **Tab Navigation**: Easily switch between different sections of the website (Home, About, Menu, Contact).
- **FontAwesome Icons**: Utilizes FontAwesome for stylish icons.
- **Responsive Design**: The website is designed to be responsive across various devices.

## Structure

- **src**: Contains the source code files.
  - **index.html**: The main HTML file for the website.
  - **index.js**: JavaScript file handling tab navigation and content loading.
  - **styles.css**: CSS styles for the website.
  - **home.js, about.js, menu.js, contact.js**: JavaScript files containing functions to load respective content for each tab.
- **dist**: Contains the bundled and optimized files generated by Webpack.

## Dependencies

- **Webpack**: Module bundler used to bundle JavaScript files and other assets.
- **Webpack Dev Server**: Development server for live reloading and easier development workflow.
- **HtmlWebpackPlugin**: Simplifies creation of HTML files to serve Webpack bundles.
- **Style Loader, CSS Loader**: Webpack loaders for handling CSS files.
- **@fortawesome/fontawesome-free**: FontAwesome library for icons.
